2023 updates (#16)
TheJumpCloud/jumpcloud-ui-assignment: README.markdown

   ![API Settings](api-settings-dropdown.png)
2. Copy your API key. You will be passing it to the server side application we've set up for you in this repo.
   ![API Key](api-key.png)

> 3. Clone this repo, run `npm install` to install all required packages, copy your API Key into the `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Clone this repo, run `npm install` to install all required packages, and copy your API Key into the `.env` file.
```

4. Delete a user.
5. Be intuitive and have a clean user experience.

> We ask that you utilize the Vue application generator, [Vue CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/), to emulate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We ask that you utilize the Vue application generator, [create-vue](https://github.com/vuejs/create-vue), to emulate
```
